Young Sect Master, you see that it seems to be night inorganic
Huizi really came
I didn't expect this trash
He even knew about the Defeated Sect Ceremony of Canglan Sect
The master of Superior Zongism Wuji died in Hou Rizong
Now the suzerain is not here
He won't come to avenge us, will he?
What are you afraid of?
This is Skywolf Gate
Give him ten guts and he won't dare to go wild here
Welcome to all the outstanding talents
Participate in the worship ceremony of my freesia gate
I am the outer sect elder of Canglan Sect
You can call me Elder Chen
This is Elder Liu
Next, I will introduce
Our saint Leng Qiuhua of Skywolf Sect
Today's worship ceremony
Will be presided over by the cold saintess herself
The worship ceremony of my Freeland Gate for a thousand years
Those who are not extremely talented are not allowed to enter my freesia gate
It's called the Primordial Heavenly Lotus Tablet.
And wait to inject your own spiritual power
If the Genku talent is qualified
The spirit tablet will rise with brilliance
I thought how hard it would be
It's that simple
With our talent
Sure to make you shine
I'm coming, I'm coming, tree spirit